post merge updates: naas page (#7480)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-service/index.md

Running your own [Ethereum node](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#what-are-nodes-and-clients) can be challenging, especially when getting started or while scaling fast. There are a [number of services](#popular-node-services) that run optimized node infrastructures for you, so you can focus on developing your application or product instead. We'll explain how node services work, the pros and cons for using them and list providers if you are interested in getting started.

## Prerequisites {#prerequisites}

If you don't already have an understanding of what nodes and clients are, check out [Nodes and clients](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).

> ## Stakers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stakers {#stakers}
```

```suggestion
## Stakers {#stakoooooooooooooors}
```

> Solo stakers are required torun their own infrastructure rather than relying on third party providers. This means running an execution client coupled to a consensus client. Before [The Merge](/upgrades/merge) it was possible to run a consensus client only and use a centralized provider for execution data. This is no longer possible - a solo staker must run both clients. There are services available to ease this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solo stakers must run their own infrastructure rather than relying on third-party providers. This means running an execution client coupled with a consensus client. Before [The Merge](/upgrades/merge), it was possible to run a consensus client only and use a centralized provider for execution data; this is no longer possible - a solo staker must run both clients. However, there are services available to ease this process.
```

> Read more about [running a node](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read more on running a node](/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/index.md).
```

> The node services described on this page generally offer non-staking node functionality.

Reviewer: The wording here feels a little clunky, but I'm not sure how we'd best phrase this.

> The node services described on this page generally offer non-staking node functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
The services described on this page are for non-staking nodes.
```

    - Suitable for Developers to Enterprises
- [**Rivet**](https://rivet.cloud/)
  - [Docs](https://rivet.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

>   - Features - Free tier option - Scale as you go -[**SenseiNode**](https://senseinode.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Features - Free tier option - Scale as you go 
-[**SenseiNode**](https://senseinode.com)
```
